[Kotlin Sync] Run a Command (#61)
mongodb/docs-kotlin-sync: source/run-command.txt

.. _kotlin-run-command:

=============
Run a Command
=============

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

> In this guide, you can learn how to run a database command with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you can learn how to run a database command by using the
```
